Oh
hello artist friends are you ready to
draw something great today we are going
to draw one of the simplest things to
draw fish I'm going to show you how to
draw some different fish and I'm going
to show you how to add some different
details so that you can make the fish
whatever you want you could draw a whole
ocean of fish and they could all be
different and unique so let's get
started you just need your paper and a
crayon or a pencil to draw with okay for
the basic fish shape all we need to do
is a curved line we're going to draw one
curved line like this kind of like a
rainbow or a frowny face and we're going
to draw another curved line like a smile
like this okay now for the fins I'm
going to show you a couple different
ways the easiest fin of all would be a
triangle you can also add a triangle on
the top and a small one down here okay
that's your simplest fish let's draw a
couple more so that you can get an idea
of what you can do with this fish shape
again we're going to draw a curved line
for the top and a curved line for the
bottom this time we're going to make the
fin a little bit different
I'm going to go curved at the top and a
curved line at the bottom and then I'm
going to connect these I'm going to do a
curved line this way and then a curved
line that way until I touch the fin
let's do a different finit pr2 we're
going to go curved out and then curve in
curved out curve in okay let's talk
about a couple different fins you can
add you could do a fin that went out
like this and then curve shapes in here
like use connected together and at the
top it would look like this and then if
you wanted to go step further you could
draw lines inside this fin like that
okay let's talk about the body of the
fish there's some easy things we could
do here to make these fish fun first of
all he needs an eyeball so we're going
to draw a circle and another circle in
we're going to color that circle in okay
and now we need to draw where his head
is separate from his body fish have
gills so we're going to draw a curved
line like this and then a lot of fish
have another fin here okay and we could
stop there or we could keep going you
could make your fish striped or you
could make your fish polkadot or let's
show you right here we'll draw an eye
we've got a circle and a circle the fin
or you could do scales and those are
just you shapes turn sideways kind of
pass that fin so we don't draw over it
so I'm just drawing use that are
connected like this okay don't forget
that you can make your fish smaller and
thinner we're still using curved lines
but look at this some fish are really
long and stretched out and have thin
triangle fins but they still have a
curved line by their head and they still
have a round eyeball and a fin here and
then you can do whatever you want to
their body there okay guys you did a
great job today remember you can always
pause and go back and look whatever you
want and add whatever details you think
would make these fish look great I hope
you had a great time today and remember
that you are a great artist
keep drawing and I will see you next
time bye
you